Add developer guide to CONTRIBUTING.md (#669)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: docs/developer/testing.md

```shell
make unit-test
```

This command runs the unit tests with the `-race` flag, enabling the detection of potential data races.

#### Viewing Code Coverage Report

The unit tests generate a code coverage file named `cover.html` in the project's root directory. To view the code
coverage report, open the `cover.html` file in your browser. The report provides insights into which parts of the code
are covered by the tests and helps identify areas that may require additional testing.

## Manual Testing

To ensure the quality and correctness of your changes, it is essential to perform manual testing in a Kubernetes
cluster. Manual testing helps validate the functionality and behavior of your changes in a real-world environment.
Follow the steps below for manual testing:

1. Follow the instructions to [deploy on kind](quickstart.md#deploy-on-kind).
2. Test your changes. Make sure to check the following:
    - Logs of the `nginx-gateway` container. Look out for unexpected error logs or panics.
    - Logs of the `nginx` container. Look for unexpected error logs and verify the access logs are correct.

>     - The generated nginx config. Make sure it's correct.

Reviewer: Could be worth supplying the commands to do all of these things.

# Testing

> This document provides guidelines for unit testing in the project, including instructions on running the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document provides guidelines for testing, including instructions on running the
```

```shell
make unit-test
```

This command runs the unit tests with the `-race` flag, enabling the detection of potential data races.

#### Viewing Code Coverage Report

The unit tests generate a code coverage file named `cover.html` in the project's root directory. To view the code
coverage report, open the `cover.html` file in your browser. The report provides insights into which parts of the code
are covered by the tests and helps identify areas that may require additional testing.

## Manual Testing

To ensure the quality and correctness of your changes, it is essential to perform manual testing in a Kubernetes
cluster. Manual testing helps validate the functionality and behavior of your changes in a real-world environment.
Follow the steps below for manual testing:

1. Follow the instructions to [deploy on kind](quickstart.md#deploy-on-kind).
2. Test your changes. Make sure to check the following:
    - Logs of the `nginx-gateway` container. Look out for unexpected error logs or panics.
    - Logs of the `nginx` container. Look for unexpected error logs and verify the access logs are correct.
    - The generated nginx config. Make sure it's correct.

>     - Pass traffic through NKG when applicable.

Reviewer 2: Make sure to check the following: (to make sure it fits)
```suggestion
    - NGINX proxies traffic succesfully (when applicable).
```

>     - Run through the [examples](../../examples) to ensure that your changes have not introduced any regressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - [Examples](../../examples) work correctly. This will ensure that your changes have not introduced any regressions.
```
